{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11920\viewh11360\viewkind1
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\f0\fs40 \cf0 qRiverwater for Unity Free\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200\qc

\fs22 \cf0 By FuzzyQuills\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 This all-new water set from my studio implements refraction and one blended texture, to give a nice look to the water when you put it in your scene. This water, however, doesn\'92t use reflection yet, but it\'92s also pretty enough for many of your needs!\
Want to get started right now? Here is what you have to do to get this water shader up and running straight away!\
\pard\pardeftab720\li720\fi-360\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	
\b Import the RiverWater.unitypackage, create a material
\b0 , 
\b assign the \'93riverwater\'94 shader to i
\b0 t, and
\b  then assign one of my water textures, (or your own, whatever suits you) to the slot marked \'93Water
\b0 \'94 
\b Do the same for the normal map slot, this time selecting the \'93waterbump\'94 normal map. Lastly, select another normal map for the \'93Wave Map\'94 slot
\b0 .
\i  Set the tiling and offsets of the textures so that one texture is bigger than the other. If this is too much trouble for you, then simply drop the preconfigured \'93RiverWater\'94 material onto your object.
\i0 \
2.	Go
\b  to your main camera, add \'93RiverRefraction.js\'94 to 
\b0 it, then assign the model with the material to the \'93renderers\'94 array on RiverRefraction. 
\b Make sure your water plane has its layer set to \'93water,\'94 otherwise, you will see streaks! Also make sure Refraction is turned on for real-time refraction rendering.\
\ls1\ilvl0
\b0 3.	Click play \'96 DONE! You now have really epic water! If the performance isn\'92t at its best, try dropping the quality \'96 this will give a nice boost to the Frame Rate.\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri0\sl276\slmult1\sa200
\cf0 -FuzzyQuills\
}